Products
What materials are used to construct the beds?
We use high quality aluminum sourced from the State of Georgia. This strong metal makes for a very sturdy piece of furniture, but the materials are also lightweight enough that the bed can easily be moved as much as necessary after it’s assembled.

What are the dimensions of the beds?
The specific dimensions for each bed can be found on their individual product pages. You can also get general size information for our loft and bunk beds from our brochure.

Can we build beds that are longer and/or higher than the standard dimensions listed on the website?
Yes! We can build beds to virtually any size for an additional customization fee. Contact us to discuss options and pricing.

What is a custom bed?
This is the term we use for any bed that isn’t built to the standard height, width, or length options available on our website. We do charge an additional fee for custom beds based on the size specifications you provide. Please note that if you order a bed with a trundle, it is considered a custom bed, since we have to make the bed a custom height to accommodate the accessory. Please note that all custom beds are non-refundable.

How much do the beds weigh after they’ve been assembled?
Once assembled, our beds weigh approximately 300 LBS, but the exact weight obviously differs based on the type of bed and which accessories have been added to it.

What is the weight capacity of the beds?
Our beds have been stress tested by an independent third party organization and confirmed to be able to hold up to 2,000 LBS per bed platform. Feel free to contact us if you’re interested in more information about these stress tests.

Are these beds easy to take apart if they need to be moved?
Yes. Our beds are all incredibly easy to disassemble and reassemble, and the high quality materials won’t lose integrity no matter how many times they’re rebuilt. The lightweight aluminum is also very easy to move. Just make sure to keep track of your hardware!

What type of finish do you use?
An enamel-based paint is baked onto the aluminum during the extrusion process, giving the bed a seamless and attractive finish that won’t wear off over time.

Where can the ladder be placed on the bed?
The ladders are functional anywhere around the bed, including on sides or ends that have guard rails attached. The only exception is for mixed-size bunk beds, in which case, the ladder can only be attached to one of the two ends of the bed.

What is the clearance of the ladder?
Here are the clearance dimensions from the edge of the bed to the furthest point of the ladder.

Standard Size:
8’ ceiling - 19-½”
9’ ceiling - 20”
10’ ceiling - 21”

6 Degree (must be requested in the notes section during checkout):
8’ ceiling - 12-½”
9’ ceiling - 13”
10’ ceiling - 14-½”

Is there an option to get a straight ladder?
We cannot offer a totally straight ladder option, but we do make a 1.5 degree ladder for tighter spaces that only sticks out 6” from the bed frame.

Are the x-braces required on the loft beds?
Yes. The x-braces are what give the beds their stability and make them safe for adult use.

Can I order a loft bed with the x-braces on the two long sides and just one short side of the frame?
Yes. As long as the x-braces are attached to three sides of the bed, the safety and stability won’t be affected. Please make sure to specify this request in the Notes section when you are checking out.

Can I get a shorter side rail that doesn't run the entire length of the bed?
Yes. If you plan on putting your ladder or staircase on the “long side” of the bed frame and would like a half-sized side rail to accommodate easier access to the loft or top bunk, we can make one for an additional $65 customization fee. Click here to see an example.

Is there a place where we can see an assembled bed in person?
Since we currently only sell our products over the Internet, we unfortunately do not have a showroom to display our assembled beds.
