Accessories
Can I order and add accessories to my bed at a later date or after it’s already been assembled?
Yes. Some accessories may require you drill extra holes if they’re not included in the initial order, but we will send you instructions to ensure you get everything installed correctly.

What materials are used to make the staircase?
The staircase is made out of 3/4” maple plywood.

What are the dimensions of the staircase?
The standard staircase size for beds built for rooms with an 8’ or 9’ ceiling height is 21” wide x 60” long x 48” high. Staircases for beds built for a 10’ ceiling height are the same width and length, but 60” high and have an extra step at the top. We can also make a special staircase for the twin and full size beds with 8’ and 9’ ceiling height that is 21” wide x 48” long x 48” high. There is no additional charge for ordering this staircase size, but you must specify your preference in the Notes section before you complete your order.

How much weight can the staircase hold?
The staircase has been tested to safely hold at least 500 LBS.

Can the staircase be placed and accessed anywhere around the bed?
The staircase is detached from the bed, so you can place it on any side of the bed based on the layout of your room. The cubby openings are open and accessible from both sides without limiting it’s functionality.

What are the available color options for the staircase?
Unless otherwise specified, the staircase will come painted to match the color of the bed that you order. If you’d prefer something else, we can paint them with any of our five standard finishes or stain them in one of seven different colors. Contact us to see the different color options and let us know your choice in the notes section during checkout.

Does the bookshelf stick out from the end of the bed?
No. The bookshelf will be flush with the end of the bed. Please note that if you order a loft bed with a bookshelf, we will build the bed to be 8” longer (the same size as our bunk beds) to support both a bookshelf and mattress.

How is the headboard constructed?
The headboard frame is made of aluminum and supports a piece of plywood wrapped in foam and covered in fabric that can easily be removed and washed. We offer multiple fabric options that come in a wide variety of colors, textures, and designs.

Does the Platform Bed come with a headboard?
Yes. Platform Beds, Canopy Beds, and L-Shaped Bunk Beds all come with an Upholstered Headboard (bottom bunk only for L-Shaped Bunk Beds). You can choose from a number of different fabric options made up of various colors, textures, and patterns to find the one that best matches your style.

If you’re looking for a different style, you can upgrade to a Farmhouse Headboard for $155, or you can order your bed frame without a headboard for a price reduction of $300 off twin or full size beds, $500 off queen size beds, $700 off king size beds, or $900 off oversized beds.

Can I use both a trundle and drawers under my bed?
No, there is not enough space beneath our bed frames to fit both a mattress-sized trundle and the drawer accessories. We are not able to make custom-sized trundles or drawers at this time.

Delivery
Do the beds come assembled?
No.

How long does delivery take?
Due to high order volumes, our current standard lead time is approximately 10 weeks from the date your order is placed until your bed is delivered.

Can my order be expedited?
Rush Shipping is currently available for an additional charge of $750 per bed and ensures that your order will ship out within 15 business days.

How does the delivery process work?
Most orders ship via UPS Ground and can be delivered to your door. Orders containing king size beds, staircase accessories, or more than three (3) beds will be shipped via freight service, which can be subject to local restrictions and requires curbside delivery.

We recommend having at least one other person on hand to help receive the delivery. The easy-to-grip boxes arrive banded and shrink wrapped together on a skid. Simply cut off the banding and shrink wrap and carry the individual boxes into your home. The aluminum materials are very lightweight, and you’ll be surprised by how easy the boxes are to carry!

How many boxes are used to ship the beds?
Here are the number of boxes that each of our beds are shipped in:

Loft Beds - 5 Boxes
Bunk Beds - 7 Boxes
Platform Beds - 4 Boxes
Triple Bunk Beds - 11 boxes
L-Shaped Bunk Beds - 10 boxes
Canopy Beds - 5-6 boxes (depending on size)
If you order accessories, there may be additional boxes to accommodate them.

What are the dimensions of the boxes?
The dimensions of the shipping boxes will vary depending on the size of the bed that you order, but for a reference example, here are the box dimensions for a Queen Over Queen Bunk Bed built for a room with a 9’ ceiling:

Long horizontals - 9”x9”x82”
Short horizontals - 9”x9”x55”
Posts (Legs) - 14”x14”x64”
Ladder - 3”x22”x84”
Side Rail - 5”x5”x82”
Lumber - 8”x8”x62”
Do you ship to Canada?
Yes, but it does require additional shipping, handling, taxes, and customs fees. Follow this link to generate an estimate of the duties and taxes you may owe if you have one of our beds shipped to you in Canada.

Contact us if you have additional questions or would like to discuss your options and pricing.

Can you ship internationally?
We cannot offer direct international shipments at this time to anywhere but Canada. However, we would be happy to ship a bed to the US port of your choice, so that you can coordinate shipment from there.

Is there a "white glove" delivery option?
Yes, we do! For $495 per bed, we offer in-home delivery from our experienced partners. This includes inspecting, assembling, and setting up your new bed frame(s). They even clean-up when they’re done!

White Glove Delivery is only available in the contiguous 48 United States. Visit our Shipping Page for more information.

Assembly
Is it hard to assemble one of these beds?
We have purposefully designed our beds to be easy to assemble, but we do recommend having at least two people put together our loft and bunk beds to help with balance and stability.

How long does it take to assemble a bed?
It will only take a few hours at most, with the bunk beds and triple bunk beds being the more time consuming assembly projects. We recommend planning for a two hours to assemble a loft bed and three-to-four hours for the bunk beds.

What tools will I need to assemble the bed?
We’ve got you covered! We will provide all of the tools that you’ll need to successfully assemble your bed.

Payment
Are there financing options available?
Yes! We currently offering financing through Bread® that allows you to split your total cost up into monthly payments over 12, 24, or 36 months. Qualified borrowers can even receive as low as 0% APR for 12 months* on their financing.

